adding links to endpoint acl topics (#777)
osisoft/OCS-Docs: content/developer-guide/identity-dev/dev-guide-role-based-access-control.md

A user or application that attempts to read, write, delete, or manage access control of an entity assigned an ACL must be assigned a trustee that has `AccessType` set to `Allowed` for the AccessRight corresponding to that operation.

### Collections with ACL endpoints

> The following endpoint collections include (or do not include) an endpoint for access control. Click the links below for more information on using access control for each supported collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows whether endpoint collections have an endpoint for access control. For more information on using access control for each supported collection, select the collection link.
```
